Lord Hou
Lord Wang wants you to come to the hotel in person to meet Hou
Join the feast
Lord Lou
What are you talking about?
This is what a humble job should do, hahaha.
That seems to be Lord Long Shuai
Mr. Zhao
Lord Long Shuai must be because there is no invitation
I was blocked by my subordinates
Go and have a look
Go go hum
Go away
shut up
Dare to disrespect guests
See His Excellency the Governor
This couple has no love script
How dare you break into the Governor's Palace?
The subordinates will insert them out
This is Uncle Long Shuai
Mrs. Long Shuai what?
See Long Shuai Dalian
Mrs. Long Shuai
Lord Hou's age
Handsome subordinates don't have eyes
Hit you hard
I'll call him black and join the army
Apologize to you
That's all.
Hindsight is not good
He's here.
Sir is an adult
Sir it's him
The rescue ceremony is about to begin
I am an adult
I am Mrs. Wang
Let's go to the rescue ceremony together
how
Come on.